So while we still wait for others to join, I think if we still have some huge discussions we want to make, you know, we can, or if someone wants to maybe say something before we start to actually fight the Kaya Chakra. Well, well, actually, no for now. I don't have any much since we are just all of us, we are in-house people. Yeah, basically I don't have much to say right now. So let's hope where others join. Okay, no problem. Let me set something up, set the screen up so that in case, in case I will need to share something. Okay. Yes. Good evening, Saz. Good evening, Madam Mida. Thank you. Good evening and happy birthday to you. Thank you, sir. Honestly, the whole birthday thing skips my mind. I wasn't too active today on this. I have a lot of things I was running after. So my apologies, please. I will call you after the call. Okay, sir, no problem. This is what? Welcome. Amen. Thank you, sir. Yeah. Thank you very much. Yeah, welcome. You're welcome. So I think we are about six, six here and I don't know about it yet. oh um okay um okay so let me try something out like this my first first time to practicalize or experiment on the telegram group uh call so i want to share my screen yeah i want to share my screen i don't know can you see my screen my google screen yes oh perfect wow perfect so i want to i want to show you um um i've called i've called him he will join us in a moment okay okay super go ahead so this is the home page of the tiap wikimedians user group and this message or this very meeting is being recorded and as people join us they'll continue from from where we started and hopefully after this program we are going to have the recording available and I don't expect this meeting to take so much time maybe maximum one hour maybe six o'clock but just for um for notification sake. You see, what we are talking about today is about publicity. How do we publicize the Tiago Wikimedians organization? And you know, whatever you do, no matter the extent you do it, if people don't know about it, you see, it becomes like it's only you guys doing it and no they don't people not appreciate it but you see when when small things are done and then they are inflated in the media you see that people will be happy about the progress so the Tiapuki medians user group Whenever you want to access this, just open to your Chrome browser or to any browser that you have. My favorite browser is the Chrome browser. So I just go to it and just type t-app. In fact, when you type t-app alone, you'll see the list of items that will show you the TIAP Wikimedians user group is even okay sorry because um there was something added to it but let's just browse TIAP and see so you'll see that after the TIAP language definition the next thing you see the TIAP Wikimedians user group that's to show you the volume of work that is happening in this TIAP Wikimedians user group and you see other things like the TIAP Facebook at your people and so on and so forth. But when you click on the Tiap Wikimedians user group, you see the home page. Now I want it to look like a phone. So I go down my page here and I click on mobile view, Kareemya mobile view analysis, Ninalis Sajinani, Ngaonale, so Tiap Wikimedians user group. And from the top here, you see the main page, which is what we can see here. up, down, up, down and then next to it you see members. When you click on members, Kanya members, Anali, who are the members? Who can become a member? You read it from up, down, they will take you also to a bylaw link. You click on this bylaw. It's going to take you to where the bylaws are. Now, for those of us who are members already, you have registered as a Wikimedian but your name is not included as a member of our group here you can see we have up to like 43 people here signed up as members who can be a member anyone who is is interested in in supporting our dreams or is in support of Our goals can be a member. It doesn't matter wherever you are from. You may not even be a real TIAP speaker, but because there are other ways you can contribute to this very user group. Apart from in the TIAF language and some of those those ways are you can create templates in the TIAF Wikipedia the TIAB dictionary or Or you can even link pages to Wikidata or you can even create Wikidata items our region here in a Tiaq area or in southern Karnat area or in the Nenziq region you know this our own area and where's the Nenziq region the Nenziq region is wherever you find the languages that are related culturally to Tiaq. they are spoken that's where you call the tiap the nanzite region and some of this language is spoken in the in the nanzite region apart from tiap uh you um you find him you find tam you find adara you find easily you find the barom you find uh rigue then they They are in states like Southern Cardinal area and Platoon state, parts of Bouchie, Nasrawa state, even a little part of the FCT and part of Niger state, and a little chunk down south of Cardinal state. That's the extent. if you are to limit the Nyanzet region to only include the Plateau or the Plateau-speaking languages. Now we also have cultural affinities with other areas beyond these states, I mentioned, up to Taraba, up to parts of Adama, into the Cameroons. And in the middle belt, I think the only state that doesn't have a group that is related to the NNZ is only Quara. But Kogi has it. The northern part in Basa, Kogi local government, Bainwa states all over the middle belt and a little part of the northern part of Nigeria. So when you can add your name as a member of our user group by clicking on this pen tool, you see I'll practicalize it. Even though my name is here in number one, but I would want to demonstrate it to us. I'm already logged in. How do I know that I'm logged in? You see this humanoid figure is showing my name and Even it doesn't show my name, it doesn't show this humanoid figure. When I click these three dots, I'll see log in here, but login is not showing. So that means I'm logged in. And when I want to add my name, I'll go to these members. I'll click on the pen tool or juke. I'll go down. You see there's a hash key there. You give a space and then you type in these four symbols, these symbols called the tilde. type it four times when you do that when you do that you click on this blue arrow up there and then you you may add a summary in the box or you can just click on publish and then you see that the name is now number 44 but I want to undo so I click on this name this last edited by in that blue arrow area I mean that blue band area and then i click on undo to undo my edit so i'll just click on publish changes here and go on that by by so ali is now back to number 43 and for those of us who are here we have not signed in as members we can sign in your name there however we still have something called a membership form for our user group that will be available to you as soon as our website gets built you know we want to transition from analog to digital not that every time we want to to get you your membership or to get you as a member into our user group formally, then we'll begin to give you a paper to fill and all that. We want a situation whereby you can, wherever you are in this world, go on this very website that is going to be built, go to membership click on the link to register yourself and then you put in every information that you need to put in there and then you pay your dues as required annually which is not really something much for now we have started with 500 Naira for you to be a member that's to support our movement and if you are blessed you can you can give much more than that there's no limit to to how much you can give but 500 naira is the minimum so if you click on this management you see who the people involved in managing the user group are the board of trustees members and the board of advice advisory members the advisory board members you see them here and with time we keep on improving on this list. And then you see hops here. You see the number of hops we have at the moment. Right now we have, we have just finished our program in the ATIAP area and the ATIAP land hop has just been, you know, the process has started and we are going to conclude it on hopefully on on Monday we will inaugurate the leadership of ATIAP land hub and to announce who would head that very hub so that the Wikimedia movement would continue to enlarge in the ATIAP area, not just the ATIAP land or the ATIAP chieftain alone, all the regions that understand this common language that is called Tiap, that has the KCG code which expands beyond that very chieftain to even the Grog speaking areas, the Sholeon speaking areas, the Takat, the Tuku, the Teicharag, the Fantuan speaking areas. And it is our greatest desire that when we start this very Wikimedia movement, we are not going to stop at only the TiaP language alone, but as soon as we are ready, which very soon we are, we will expand up to Jiu and hopefully we would have a Jiu Wikipedia project begin anytime soon. we have other languages like hyam we have languages like isiri we have language like reigwe we have language like adara the languages are just so much and it is this requires a good foundation to be laid and we are laying that foundation with the at the moment so that when we are handling another language we would have an idea about what to do and not just be going up and down like clueless people So by the time this very site, this Tiapland hop is created, you see it will turn to blue like you are seeing this Zaria hop. By the time I click on Zaria hop, you see it takes me to a new page and in this Zaria hop, you see the sub main page is this one you are seeing here. And then the members, for those of us who are in Zaria, we have not signed up as members of the Zaria, please do login first. You know your username, you know your password. For now we only have two people in Zaria signed up and in Zaria we had a program that had up to over 40 sign-ins, 40 people with new accounts created and only two people are here. if you are in Zaria or you participated in Zaria program, just come to this area or click on the pen tool and then add four tilters. One, one, two, three, four. Amelia, then for the next person who is going to sign up, you also leave one more hashtag for him to or her to also put her four or his four tilters and then you click on this blue arrow and click on publish you see my name is aden as a member in the zaria hub you see so that's how you you do your yours too so when you go to the management the management team you see the management in in zaria you see the chair here and then the vice chair the secretary the financial secretary and our grand patron in zaria so That's how we are going to also have the LTIAP land hop design tool. And then you look at this mini project. Yeah, you are going to see the edit add-on. This is our very first project online that we did after the edit add-on in, I mean, the physical in-person events finished in Zaria. And when you click on this, you'll see the page, the page where we participated the information about who participated when did the event start in january 2nd and ended on 31st of march and then you see how to participate during the time it was still live and then who and who participated these are the list of people who participated and who are the top editors for the first week um you see their number of edits you you scroll you see the second week and then you see the third week of edit so we're going to start this edit also in atia learned by first, I mean by 8th of July, which is next Monday, as soon as the announcement of who was the highest editor, who were the highest editors is made. And later on that's going to follow up. And then you see the top weekly editors and what they were able to create during this area edit out on. It was a situation whereby people created these items and articles in the dictionary at the Wikipedia on their own, in their houses, you know, and then they were supported with data so that they can continue to edit and not have the excuse that because I didn't have data, I couldn't contribute in the week. So that's how we run it. and then these are the organizers and here is where to contact who if you get confused about one thing or the other. The very first point of call is our user group here where we are having this program and this place you see it has brought me back and then the second place is okay that's actually the main place where you can contact and if you are here in the group of course you know who and who you know, you know our phone numbers there because there are numbers there even if there's no phone number, you can rise in the group and then you ask what you want to ask. And it will be answered you and going back. So before going back, you see we are going to have something similar like this for the a chaplain campaign beginning by Monday. and it's going to take close to two months it may not be up to two months because we have another program the tiap wiki boot camp which we are going to have in august and we may want some space between the end of this program and that very event so the online edit aton may last just one and a half month maybe And when you go to these headquarters, you can see headquarters here. This once you click on it is going to bring you back to the main page of the chat Wikimedians user group. So we started at hopped here. You click on hop, it's going to take you around again. So that's how this one is going to be for now. It has not been created. but before Monday when you click on this place you see that everything is working and then we have our project events and meetups. By the time you click on this, you are going to have you're going to see all our grant proposals because you see the event we run we run it on on grants granted by Wikimedia Foundation and also by donations given by kind-hearted people. so we can be able to promote TiaP and expand the project. And when you go to project funded by Wikimedia Foundation, WMF, you are going to see all the programs we have been having since 2021. You click on any of the programs, it's going to take you to the homepage and you see the event pages that we have created thus far from 2021, all of or up to the last program we had in in albina tiap uh sorry which is this very one that you see ongoing although it's supposed to be changed from ongoing that page will be edited so you can click on this to look um further into other items that are there and then our next event you can see it in august tiap wiki bootcamp So we are going to hopefully have another meeting to let you know about this very program more. And then hopefully we can be able to recruit people from the TIAB speaking areas. What this program entails basically is that we're going to house a number of people, 12 people in a house. And these people do nothing, they will speak nothing but they are throughout their state there and as they speak here they edit in the wikimedias uh i mean the tiap uh wikimedia projects like the tia wikipedia the tia missionary and then edit tiap language in the tiap wikidata site and hopefully they can also contribute to the tiaf um phrasebook improve it and the tiawiki books anything tia project these people are going to improve it in seven days, seven days and anyone who speaks any other language apart from TIA is going to be penalized and you know when one keeps on breaking up to like three times then that person gets evicted and you may not have the chance to be present in the next bootcamp that is going to happen next year. So we would have wanted to have this bootcamp up to three times in a year, but our funding, we need funding to do that. So hopefully when we're able to have people who would sponsor the bootcamp after the first one, and people see it's good, then hopefully we get more sponsors to sponsor it then maybe we'll make it twice in a year or three times in a year as much as we can as much as the money can take us and you see at the end of this book um we expect that people very good in editing with TiaP Wikipedia or Tiawishanari or Wikidata whichever I am whichever project one chooses and someone would also be good in this spoken TiaP because we want a situation whereby someone from the TiaWiki language development board will be present you know what do you call this English word um preferably preferably a an elderly person who knows how to speak the language very well to be present so that those of us who are still struggling with the the accent and the writing will be able to improve you know to a very good extent after that very project in august and so basically this is what this page um on project events and meetups and tales. And just to say something else again, at the end of this very year in December, we're going to have a general meetup. We're going to choose a very good place where we'll just refresh probably somewhere, you know, like an amusement park or, you know, something somewhere very interesting that we can all relax and meet all people who are participating in this user group who create programs or who edit in Tiap language in the Tiap Wikimedia project. And then these partnerships, you click on partnership, is going to take you to our present partnership. Who are those people that would partner with, apart from Wikimedia Foundation, we have the Tiap Language Development Board. which helps us in fixing things that have to do with the TIP language, because you see this is a language project and we are dealing with spellings here. We are dealing with pronunciations and we can't just be working on our own without synchronizing with the TIP Wikimedia official body. I mean, not the Tiapwiki Media, the Tiap language official body. And the Tiap, Wikimedia, sorry, Wikimedia is used to Wikimedia. So the Tiap Language Development Board is actually this body that supports us in terms of in terms of materials, in terms of advice and all that. So we also hope to have the GROC language or the literacy board of GROC also, Sholeo board. Iphantuan also later has their own language board, also partner with them and as many as we can, even here, you know, as we expand, we also have more partners, more partners. And by the time we have funding partners, even the federal government or the state government, or even the ministries, federal ministries like the ministry of um of culture and tourism ministry of women affairs when we are able to partner with them which we would um we also include them as our partners and if hopefully we are able to partner with cultural organizations maybe let's say unesco um or maybe uh you know big you know other organizations, we also include them as our partners. And then we have the report because you see we were an organization registered with the federal government of Nigeria. So we usually make annual reports between last year and this year. Oh, sorry, my audio was but more audible right now, right now. Nifong Lhamonika. Yes, I'm fine. Sorry, the audio is... Well... But it's okay now. I can hear you. Okay. So I'm using an earphone that doesn't have a speaker. I don't know how this design was made. But let's please manage this for now and I will try as much as possible to shout so we can be able to hear this very conversation. The one you see in red is the report for this very year. This very year, that's 2023 up to this very month, rather this very month because from this month or next month we are going to have 2024 to 2025 report. And by the time you click on 2022, 2023 report, you are going to see the events we had throughout from 2022 June up to July 2023. You see the changes we have made and you see the future ambitions or rather the future plans we had as of that very period. And before the end of this month, we are also going to have the 2023-2024 report also done here in anticipation for 2024-2025 and then lastly we see our bylaws the bylaws speak about the rules and regulations guarding the Tia Wikimedians organization. You see all the laws that we have here up to the very end where you see the board of trustees and advisors signed to endorse this very law. And this law is not static. keeps on being improved over and over so i believe i've spoken enough um so i don't know if there's anyone who has a question before i'll hand over the mic to actually friday to introduce um our ambassador um a fire tier to the podium so any question None from my hands, sir. So actually if I do, I can... Okay, your screen, you are still sharing your screen though. Let me close it. We really appreciate you for that presentation. It's quite enlightening for those of us who have actually not been navigating the main user page. the user group, main user group, MetaPage. I believe now we have same reasons why we should actually go through them so that we can get our thing enlightened. So basically today we are supposed to have a very insightful and a community kind of engagement. But sadly I can see that one of our guests, our very important guest, Bernard Nathaniel, also known as the Pythiap, who is supposed to be a part of this call. But he has been quite on and off. The call maybe basically, that could be due to network. So I don't know why, but he was supposed to be here. So now we can open a new chapter of publicity for the Tiabuki Media User Group. So I think that's one of the cardinal reasons why we are having this call today. But sadly, he is not on the call. So I think maybe you will just give me a couple of minutes. Let me try to reach out to him again to know what could be the problem. So please, let me try to reach out to him again. No problem. So maybe before actually Friday we'll go and... Yeah, I'll continue where I... Just to give us a hint about the reason why we are having this very meeting, or one of the reasons we are having it is because we see since we started this very program in 2021, or since our user group started preparing to be launched live, which happened in 2022 or 2023, we have really been operating on a low key and whenever we have programs we finish programs we don't see our programs online we even um some of our people who are supposed to publish these very um programs we don't yes uh mr levi i can't say i don't know sorry is it only or tell you if a genesis does not hear me well i can't tell you at all or can anyone hear me better okay yes i can hear you i actually reach out to him he was just as we thought his network is really terrible but he will try uh joining the call again but actually you can hear me clearly yes i can hear you loud and clear pick on what the problem So while he does that, one of the reasons why we are having it, so I think a vital is present and it will be good if he take a conversation. Go, go, go. So we have been expecting you on the call earlier before now. But we understand that the network can be so tricky sometimes. Which is quite understandable. So now that you are here, we would like to actually go deep into the main reason why we are having this meeting today. So that we will know. But before then, I would like to introduce the people you are seeing on the call. First of all, we have a combined account that is Executive Director of the Tiap Wikimedia User Group. Along here, we also have our Secretary, which is Linda. Her full name is Linda Benlo. She is the Secretary of the Tiap Wikimedia User Group. And myself speaking, I am also the Project Manager of the Tiap Wikimedia User Group. And we have Valentine, also known as Yambuat. He is the field officer of the Tiapuke Media User Group. And we have MC Genesis, Mashaun Okie, who is also the member of the advisory board of the Tiapuke Media User Group. So Chad, You are seeing there is also our member, but a community member who is also an active editor of the Tiabuki Media user group. So we are all here, it is an in-house something. So whatsoever we'll be discussing here, please feel free to drop whatsoever bullet point you need to drop. So there's no fear, there is nothing to be panic of. We're all in-house and we know ourselves. So thank you. Thank you very much. And for those of us who doesn't know who Bonnard is, Bonnard is a content creator and an activist of the TIAP language. He has been very active on social media in the promotion of the TIAP language in his page. The page is popularly known as Afay TIAP. If you go to Facebook or other social media networks, you are just going to see him as a Fai Tiap. So he's an active promoter of the Tiap language. So we brought him here on the call so that he will share with us as well as advise us on the best way to actually promote our activities, which is the activities of the Tiabuki Media User Group. So by way of recognizing him, he's also not he's from this moment now he to serve as the ambassador because you know uh he has been a very active follower and an enteocus on enteocius of the tiab language so sir you are welcome to be a part of this uh team and we are very happy to help you among us so thank you very much please we'll now give the floor to you so that we'll see how and how we can best transform this our activities to good life so that people it can have a wider reach and wider acceptance. So that's why we are having this conversation. So we appreciate you, sir. Thank you for coming. Thank you. First and foremost, I will have to apologize for joining very late. As you can see, I'm on costume and on set already we're shooting this very evening. And so the weather and then I think the network joined up together made it almost impossible for me to join the meeting. But thank God that now I'm on board. I'd like to first of all say I am very honored to be called by the board to serve as an ambassador. Being ambassador for any brand or any product is actually a heavy tax on any content creator or artist or whoever you could find. And so, and I thank God because what I'm being called to do is something that already is in progress even on a personal note. So I like to say this, what people see the most is what they frequent. What people see the most is what they frequent. That means that Wikipedia needs to be visible. Visibility should be the access point for Wikipedia. And let's start it from the grassroots. Starting Wikipedia from the grassroots is one. Can we get sensitive signposts in a Thiapp Chivdom, a central place like Samaroo ran about to precise, and get a flex of Wikipedia on one of those boomboards? with your ambassador on it and then every of your brand that is protected that is being sent to wikipedia the face of wikipedia will show on that roundabout that roundabout is connecting to almost three or four states and so by the time you have a signpost in that place everybody coming from that place will have a knowledge that wikipedia the originator is from this land And those within the environment there, we know that really Wikipedia is a program that is ongoing for the progress of it here. Are we there? Secondly, we have to talk about contents. You can never stop talking about Wikipedia if you have limited, you can really stop talking about Wikipedia in no distant time if you have limited contents that come on your board every day. And these contents must be short, and being publicized on a weekly or daily basis, on different formats, on different methods, and in different aspects of Tiaba. Now, the thing is, when you have an ambassador to every of your brand, it means that that duty is on its shoulder. To shoot content, to create awareness, to talk about the product itself, it's on its shoulder as a content, as an ambassador. And then can we now begin to talk about events where we visit schools, secondary schools, primary schools to talk about? Because Wikipedia on the outside can actually be effective. But when you bring it back home and you saw it in the life of these young kids that are coming on board, they grow with it and then it becomes a burden for all of them. We are not saying that they should include Wikipedia as a curriculum in a TIAB schools. That might be a little bit difficult, but if you can access some certain schools and then they give us some periods to talk about Wikipedia and talk about lessons, I think it's going to be productive on my own perspective. Secondly, I will admit the third thing I would like to talk about, I just hope We are taking notes, if our secretary is taking notes, we have a wider spread of Achaia people all over Nigeria and even outside. One of the strongest things that has connected these Achaia people is the meeting they have, both the youths and the old parents. Can we begin to penetrate these people and get people representative from each states? Let those people on that state like Abuja give us representatives from their meetings branch before we come to the state level. If each branch in Abuja can give us four persons, that it is more likely for them to come and work on Wikipedia as send ambassadors from those representatives from those places and they come and have the knowledge of Wikipedia. I think when we go back to our branches, it is going to be very, very good. Now, if we gather up all of those people and we're able to have them on one meeting, before you know you have a spread of Wikipedia all over. Because everybody will talk about it and everybody will be committed to doing it. So we have, we've done, I guess the last program we did was in Samarou. Can we talk about having a program where you come to Jaws and then you meet the Atea people in Jaws, where you join both the youth and then the older ones, the elderly, and have representatives also from that place? Can we talk about Kanau? Kanau is having another population of Atea people. Can we talk about Katsina? Can we talk about the places, Taraba and the rest of them? Do we have this thing? Because it's when you have a representative that is talking about Nipidia in another state, that people from other states will begin to know that there is an existence in a child children as with Nipidia. So these are some of the views that I have and my concern for Wikipedia and I feel that it's that it's going to be more effective if we're able to put on this thing mind you for me being an ambassador none of the contents that we're going to have on brand if you don't have a wider spread of bot that are going to spread the content it might have a limit view So if we have people that are already representative from all of those branches, that already we know that once we create a content and we put it on a platform, they are spreading it. They are only or as soon as the video drops, they are going to spread it. Then before you know it, you know this time time, you have it widespread. Yeah. So, and then there are key people. There are people that today you cannot do without them in a child children. can we begin to make contacts to see how this content is also created by mere people but it's being created with the influence of of those people I I I recently watched a content that was created by Aminu that uh that the Idoma boy Abiyigalagad that he did with um he did with uh former senator of uh what's his name yeah Dino Melaya that was a last that was a shoot-up that was a catapult for So can we have those kind of contents? I know in my reach, I could really lay out some people that I said that I know I can get out to. But what can the team, the management do about getting us connected to those people? So that we shoot these contents with them and then the people outside. Because the honorary person in the Tiaf Chieftain Ratabana is looking at what you are doing like a waste of time. So I feel for now, I'll post if I have any further question or contribution, then I'll receive it and then we'll see headwigs. If we are talking about possibilities, maybe there are questions that are going to be on board as possibilities might arise and some of those things. So let me hear from that view from now. I think I'll hold on. Maybe we'll start talking about strategies on how to approach those things. Thank you. Okay, Tio Leibona, thank you very much. You actually made quite a number of points. And honestly, we really appreciate your thoughts, your time for you putting these keynotes together. Your presentation is quite a heavy one. We appreciate you. So before I go further, I don't know. Sir Levy, I don't know if you have any reaction to what he just said. Okay, yes. So, Luguay, Kafayati, I'm among Alianna, and you have really added something to our knowledge or to our thoughts that we should work on. Like the case from the very beginning of the points you've made, like the case of having a billboard at Chengkuan with an ambassador with speaking about the language, I mean, the Wikipedia or the Wikimedia. I think that's a very good thought and I would hope that very soon we'll begin to work towards that. Even though, you know, that involves a little amount of money and I don't know or I don't have an idea about the cost of launching a big billboard in the home area there. But over here in Abuja, it's really quite a very big budget. And I see that some big companies these days, they try to avoid the issue of spending so much money on big billboards and go through other means or other methods like network marketing. to market their their products you know um instead of that billboard but having a billboard still is still quite uh important and we may not have to do it in a very big way like giving it to a very big company or putting it in a billboard that's built with a metal for that was erected by a company and we spending like close to hundreds of thousands but we can also hang it somewhere with maybe something that we can be able to afford and so i think we'll put that into perspective and um about the the meeting with ATYAP representatives from different parts of the state that speak ATYAP. I think we can do that gradually. You know, our user group is quite new and we started like last year or last two years. And by Wikimedia standard, we are still a bit young and Nevertheless, we still have a long way to go. And you see, before now, I don't know why actually Maskey is not present, but there's something we were discussing with him about the Aotearo people in Niger state, you know, that every year they usually have a meeting in Sulejia and they gather from all the local governments of Niger state and you know, is it a Thia people's meeting? And he's of the suggestion that why don't we actually visit one of these programs and introduce the Thia Wikipedia to these people when they are gathered like that. And we are really looking towards that, maybe towards the end of this month or next month, early next month, or there about or to do something maybe even if it is just for you we in in Shulejad there to introduce the TIA language program I mean the TIA Wikipedia program even though it's really not part of our budget I don't know if we have spoken about this before now but you see we we have a limited budget and we can't go beyond what our power can take us financially and except if we have people from among the ATIA people who sponsor some of these activities, then we are just like powerless bulldogs who may have the looks that we can do this, but no money in the pocket. So we also are working towards going to some of these influential ATIA people to to get their support even though not in a beggarly manner i wish some of them are here But we are doing our work as an NGO and this is what NGOs do. NGOs, they look for support for people who are into the same line of thinking. And if you feel that you can be able to support the movement, well, you can do it according to your power. But if you can't do it, well, fine. It's not something we force anybody into supporting, but we still are going to do what we can to get some of these people to participate in our program. And about the example you cited about Aminu, the gala guy, that would be quite nice to that we work towards it, you know, because this suggestion is a new one. And I have not really thought of it before. So hopefully when we are done with the meeting, then we begin to, you know, I don't know who because we have a very good film director in Kaduna at the moment. If you know Toka Magbaru, Toka Magbaru is resident. He stays both in Lagos and in Kaduna. And if you look at Nigeria movies, my goodness, this guy is amongst the best movie producers, I mean movie directors in Nigeria. So somebody like that would be very, would be of very good use to us or of you know, a plus to us if we can, even though he's originally from Delta State, but he grew up in Southern Carolina, so he's one of us. So he shoots or he once shot a movie here in Pantua Man, called it Kada River. So, some of the actors were from our region here and I hope or wish that very soon we can be able to get people like him, you know, to work with you so that we can be able to boost the whole thing up. And I don't know, let me stop here before it takes so much time. Of course, we are already taking so much time. So thank you very much for your input. So while we are having a conversation, I just saw actually Zwandian, bye-bye, have joined the call. Actually, you are welcome, sir. And I'm seeing another name here, Andy Corrett. Please, actually, Andy, if you are online and if you are listening to me, kindly introduce yourself, please. Thank you. Okay. It seems he's not online with us. Actually, you are welcome, sir. Yes. So based on the reactions from the executive director, I think now move to some of the headwaves because I believe you actually, Bernard, might actually like to hint us or give us a hint on how to actually navigate some of these points that you have raised. What are the next steps having released this bullet point to us? So what do you think we should do next going forward? Okay. Thank you very much. Coming to the billboards in Samarukata, they actually been mounted by political zones, APC, PDP, and then labor. Those parties are the most... Concord party so far in in politics in Nigeria today and I could remember when I was having an event in January early this year that's on the tour I made an inquiry about that billboard and to some extent because of the knowledge of knowing okay this is our own this is from us a fight here I think the committee each of them have committee PDP have their own committee APC have their own committee and then the rest of they told me i should come and mount it as long as it was me now why am i trying to say this the influence and the product that is coming on that board will inform the accessibility for us having that billboard the thing what we should be talking about is how do we get these guys to agree with us and align with us to know that the benefit of that thing is for the group of a tiaq children So it was not mounted by a company, it was mounted by politicians. And I believe among those politicians, we have some of them here that are followers with. And I think one of the secretaries that was, I think, one-time secretary of the polytechnic, Anubha Mali Polytechnic, the Agri-Department in where we held our last program, I think he should be able to reach out to those people who are learning, should be able to know. That's one. Secondly, talking about having representatives from branches, I think we could do well to first and foremost meet the national body of ACDA. If we're able to talk to ACDA, ACDA will give the go ahead of a letter asking all branches and their chairmen to pass this notification to all of those people that if we said it should be voluntarily it might take us a bit time but if we say they should select for us then they will go into the akakuza and know those that can't be able to deliver this thing for us now if ACDA are able to pass it to the national body you doing also Udwin also will pass it to the branches, that is states all around, and then they will pass it to their branches. As I said earlier, I was once a branch chairman and all of the extractions that came from the state, and the state we are receiving from the national body, and I think we have that. So if we are able to pile up these people, we can be able, because we cannot bring all of them, to one place to assemble, let's say maybe we bring them home, we can do the favor of maybe just the board of trust, I mean, just the board and us seeing them. We can create a timetable to be in jobs this time and create a timetable to be in canon this time and then create a timetable to be in this time. Now, I think that will help us earnestly. And I think the last way I feel we can have one, already one of the most passionate person that speaks and a Tiablissin is John Gora. So John Gora was returned in the last event. I think having a content and having contact through John Gora is going to speak a lot to us having access to some of these people. And then having the, I think the chairman to a Tiablissi, who was also around in our last meeting, I think having in touch with him also will speak very well because they are people that have been selected by CL people, there have been people that have been trustworthy by what they've done and what they have been doing. Even us having them and having to create content with them will give us a wider picture of what we are to do. So I feel these are some of the things that I can see for now that we can actually work on. Talking about the cost of our, the cost and budget that you talked about, it's true. You cannot work outside the budget because you will not have thank you to give anyone. You have to use your resources to get people to do what you want them to. But then I'll see if these things are able to reach out from the ACD level, and then we get these individuals that are willing. I'm thinking we'll go far and we won't go so far. But that of the people in some other networking, it's going to be very, very essential for us as we grow. Thank you very much. So, thank you very much, Tule. Honestly, we again appreciate you for all this roll-down of where you have actually highlighted Just as the director have said, we are going to put quite a number of them into consideration. So just before I hand over the mic to the director, maybe I would like to ask the general floor if there's anybody that have any question or any contribution to what is being discussed so far. Okay, maybe let me make a comment or two. Is that okay? Yes, very okay, sir. Okay, I think some of the suggestions are actually good. I only have this observation and the observation is about this group of ours connecting with ACDA or the entire CHIA people and community. I actually have been in this movement from the very beginning, and I can say from all I have observed and all I have seen and all I have heard from even people who are involved in ACDA and even some groups like the TIAB Language Development Board, I can say authoritatively that they have actually not seen this project as theirs. And then that has created, in my opinion, a bulk of the hitches we have heard. in recording any successes and even seeing any progress in this group. A lot of times, a lot of times, the people who should be supporting us, the people who should touch our vision and then begin to find ways of helping us achieve our goals, they end up castigating all we do and all we stand for. So the entire issue is a big problematic in my opinion, because we would have no authority, we would have no backing, at whatever ACDA level, so long as people who should understand our course and then support it are not willing to. For me, this is going to be my only observation. But I am actually happy that we are able to think of points like these ones our brother is raising. So going forward, I would suggest that we think of this first as a project that people who should be celebrating it amongst us consider with great suspicion. Maybe let me stop here in order not to bore you with so many. so many points that may not be of interest to you. In fact, I may add, I may add please, actually, Levi and I are involved in some of those subcommittees, subcommittees, especially organized by the TIAB Language Development Board. We know how we have had to struggle over some things that we should accomplish within just a short while. And then if a project that is recognized, even by the what TiaP is going to suffer such abandonment, such is going to suffer from some people's low spirits, I wonder if the TiaP where comedians, users who wouldn't suffer the same fate. Thank you so much. Thank you, Atulizi. We honestly, we appreciate you. Or you have made quite some point over there. And just as any other point, all of this be put under consideration as well as a review. Just for those who doesn't know, I don't know Atulizi Bonnati. I don't know if you know who Atulizi Zondian is. Atulizi Zondian is a our assistant chairman of the board of trustees as well as the content reviewer of the language user group so he is one of the key figure in the in the movement so uh thank you so to elizabeth we appreciate you sir i don't know if there's another person who have a point to make i don't know okay anybody genesis are you speaking yeah i don't know if you're hearing me yeah we can hear you but uh your voice is a little faint if you can be more audible okay yeah i think we can hear you now speak okay let me just speak for those that are can be able to hear me so good evening everyone yes again thank you i actually joined the meeting a little bit late It was actually because of one thing or the other here. So I was actually rushing to get to a location where I can be able to attend the meeting. So I want to appreciate all of you, especially the leadership here and of course our August guest who is here, Mr. Bonnard, for the time taken to be here. In line with all that have been discussed here, I think Most of these things are things we have always highlighted, especially myself. Especially starting from the aspect of media, which for those of us that we are around, the meeting we held before the ATIAB land weekly outreach, observed with key interest in how we can contribute or we can publicize this event through the media. I think exactly what I had in mind is what... the August Visito has said. So to just add it up to what he has said, the point of introducing Wikimedia into our basic schools, the primary and secondary. I think this is one thing the TIAB Language Development Board, which is suffering abandonment by some individuals, has always desired to see if it could work So I think it has gotten to that time whereby we too will stand alongside them to see how we can push this. In what sense? If actually, since they have been contemplating on how to go, and I think at some point, curriculums were able to be produced on how ATAP issues could be introduced into most of the schools we have. It will go a long way if we work with them. by volunteering to be some of the teachers that will actually, although some of us are already teachers, in various states and branches of the Aotearoa people. So, but coming down to the basic schools, if we can take it upon ourselves to be teachers too, in that sense, I think we'll introduce Wikimedia and some of the topics and subjects that we taught will come from us. So I think that is... a very good point raised by actually bonnet then going through the branches like he has said the instance cited by actually levy the director it was actually an impressive one in what sense i remember during the crisis time when i took some items from i generated them from different people including the people from uh Suleja that was rightly mentioned by our director. I personally went extra mile to Suleja to see how I could get some of these items I took home to the IDP camp and not just the items with money. So it has shown that we have the desire to promote Tiapu or the people around those branches and states have the desire to see how they could show love to a Tiapu. So if we are thinking of promoting the Wikimedia project into the state, I think acknowledging the fact that they have been so contributive to most of the cases in Tiapiland will be one major thing that will draw the attention of men. Then from there, we can now introduce the point of acknowledging the influentials, the influential personalities amidst them. Doing so, I think it will gladden their hearts and they themselves will feel honored and will feel recognized by not just them within themselves but the Atiab land entirely so these are some of the things I think I want to just align with actually uh or not and I think it will take us to a greater level thank you very much though I know some of these things are not actually been asked to us the board of direct uh board of advisors I don't know, maybe it's simply because I'm the youngest among them and I am one of the most proactive persons. So I am seen like a usual person, not seen as an advisor anymore. So that is why some of these points, if I highlight them, I don't know if they are neglected or their time is not yet right to be looked into. But with this, which actually Bonad has said, I want to sincerely thank him for bringing them. And it looks as if we spoke about them before he came. So thank you very much. Let me stop here. All right, Tully Generous, thank you very much. You have also made quite a point. As you can see, our time is fast spent. This meeting was supposed to last for just one hour, but now we are exceeding. So we'll do whatsoever possible to make sure this meeting ends by 6.30. So meanwhile, before I say much, I would like to hand over the mic to the director, because I believe he may have one or two to say. Sir, Levi, over to you, sir, if you have. So, about the point that actually actually natalia actually joande when actually shan spoke about a genesis spoke about you see the issue starting with the the one that actually he spoke about um the issue with the the issue with the tld i mean with the acda now okay yeah the the acda now is that Of course, you expect that when you see something being done by the TIAP language, Wikimedians user group, this is on building the ATIP people. And the language is supposed to be one of the points that the ACD is supposed to be handling. Just before I continue, this program is being recorded and I will share it, even with the ACDM members, let them hear what I'm going to say and what we have spoken. Now, when you go to the ACDA group, their national group, you expect to see things that have to do with the ATIA people, but you'll be seeing people posting things that have to do with politics. You'll be seeing things that have been posted there. They have nothing to do with the ATIA people. And you expect that when you see a group like our own, we are supposed to be, you know, i don't know how to say it but we expect more than you you you you ever you ever see but you see these individuals or this these people that are supposed to be like people who promote our effort they keep on you know even if you post anything they they also wipe the in fact as soon as you are putting an announcement about our program somebody's busy just going carry something that has to do with politics and not post it there so making your own irrelevant at the end of the day so you see this is kind of attitude that is quite unpatriotic about the atia people and when you hear some people talking about the atia people are being this about being that um i don't i don't i don't really see it as as a lie because it's practical you see it every day You know, there's no patriotism in the behaviors of those who are supposed to be the Acharya Tiaba, so called, or so to say. Acharya Tiaba is not all about you going to beg for things, you know, you are having politics, you are having a program that you go to beg, you know, and go and come back, you know, who never beg. This project is our own project, it's a language project that has to do with the TIA people. And if we go to you as a Bandanga TIA or as a leader of your community, and you don't see the use of our project, please don't support us. Does it? Don't support us. But we are going to bring this program to you as a way of you know inclusion is is it's about you know inclusiveness you know so to say we're not we're not because um i can see also that we are supposed to have formally introduced our group to the acda um we have not done that so i think that's a zero on our own part too and hopefully we are going to make a written submission to the ACDA maybe sometime this year and then also to the Of course, we have already introduced ourselves to the TIAB Language Development Board. So we continue to improve on our relationship with them, even though initially it was not smooth. That's the fact we have been having issues based on misunderstanding of what we stand for. The project we are having is not about pushing our own personal, you know, personal um you know personal goals yes personal interest it's about the people and if these people don't see the good in what we are doing about the sacrifice we are making then i think it's a very big slap to the community and and you see these are young people young people that are supposed to be using their time for something else you know using it for their own personal interests or their own personal things, you know. There are many things to do with time, but these people devote their time to the language. And these elderly people, or most of these elderly people, see this work as, will I say, like, is it, how do you see, like, an opposition or somebody's challenging you negatively? I can't remember the particular word to use for it, but some of them are seen as our opponents, yes. Some of these people see us as opponents, you know. So we leave our own works, we come to the Tiaf language which they are supposed to be supporting us and they see us as opponent and that's not good enough. And we hope that with time we will continue to have better relationship with the TLDB. We'll continue to have better relationship with the ACDA. And when we were in Zarya, we see that some representatives from the ACDA were present. We had actually QS Musa was present. Professor Lucius Bamae was present. These were former leaders of the ACDA. They showed their support towards our initiative and we also hope that with time also would have support from the incumbent or rather who you see the leadership you know the present leadership of the ACDA and without saying so much I'm going okay um thank you very much um for what you have said we honestly I believe you are beginning to take the whole thing past now which I understand I'm about to off your mic already but thank God we are working you are working in the spirit it's supposed to be said okay so um without wasting much of our time honestly we appreciate each and every contribution we have made here So, just as we said, we are doing everything possible to make sure we end this call by 6.30 on the dog. But before we go, I don't know if there's any other person to leave. Bernard will actually crown it up later, but I don't want to know within the floor if there's any other person that have a contribution or something to add to it before we draw the curtain for this call. Okay, maybe let me suggest that it will be necessary for us to continue to have this kind of meeting because the more we meet, the likely it becomes that we may brainstorm and then come up with better ways of executing some of these projects, goals and plans. So I will advise that if this could be done like at the beginning and end of every month, or maybe once in a month, it could go a long way in helping us. Maybe next time if we are meeting, the notice should come earlier than that of today, because that may have affected the number of participants. Thank you. So, Tulezi, thank you very much. Just before actually Bonnet will come on board, I would like to The inform was that all the point that has been taken here, we are going to review each and every one of them, one after the other in the hierarchy. And then by our next call, we are going to announce how things will be executed and which one should go based on priority. So I think that is that for all the points, so that we won't assume that whatsoever has been set here, there is no headway at the end. So we will review every point taken and then at the end of it or during our next call, we are going to pass the announcement because this one is going to be like a community engagement going forward. So, Choli Bonad, we just have like two, three minutes. Maybe you can just utilize like one minute to just summarize if there's any other point you have to put down before we go. Choli Bonad, are you there? okay let me call him a fight yeah are you there okay so in just the minute i'd like to say let's make ourselves very relevant and show our projects to be well uh receiving my people um once it's just like a frog and a german says So sometimes I take my project as a personal project and then when it blows out people identify with it and say, ah, that is a term. Can we do that with Wikipedia? It will help us. Yes. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you so very much. We honestly appreciate you. Levy, your final thoughts before we go. Well, I just want to appreciate all of us who have been present. And I hope that we can be able to have this meeting monthly, as actually Z suggested. And hopefully we hold the members of the ACDA and the members of the TLDB and make sure that they are here so that we can have this general discussion so that they are not left out of it. So, Zuguayabeg, all everything that we have said here. We appreciate each and everyone. We thank you for all your time. And we hope that next call, we are going to be more than this. And our secretary, please remember, we are going to have another maybe behind the curtain meeting as regard to this call. So that we will strategize to know how this call, how often this call will be coming. So on behalf of the Tiap Wikimedia User Group Leadership, I would like to appreciate each and everyone again, once again. And thank you so very much for your time. I will look forward to meeting you again in our next meeting. So thank you. And good evening, everyone. Thank you. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Okay, let's go ahead. Thank you, sir. Please, would you take a picture? No, I took some pictures. Would you take a picture? Okay. If we are still on the call, if we can on our camera, let's just take a quick picture for those of us who are on the call. Okay, at least it's not one picture. Linda, I know Linda will always follow me. Okay. There are four people now. Okay. uh so who else will join us all right okay thank you everyone soon bye